It's good.
Mm-hmm.
Hey, favorite restaurant.
Bob?
Bob Johnson?
Let's be someone with a similar name.
Let's have one.
Checkmate.
No.
Yes.
Every time you win every single time.
Here's a practice.
You want to play again?
Oh, yes.
Yeah.
Can you set up any water?
Yes.
Hey, but you're not going to win this time.
I don't think you are making it harder.
All right.
Well, let's go to the least.
Oh, no.
The sink is full of water.
And it's not going down.
Really?
It's like a bathtub in there.
Okay.
That's okay.
I'll just call maintenance.
Let the owner know.
Hi.
This is Allison Miller.
I'm at 1334 Ulta.
Yeah.
Our sink is not sinking.
I'm still hoping you could let the owner know.
Okay.
Negative.
Just let me know that the owner's Robert Johnson's.